[Music]
my strawberry shortcake cupcakes with a
velvety ice cream frosting crunchy
biscuit surprise
and a juicy strawberry center will turn
the classic cupcake
into a fun filled treat
although i love the classics it's not
something i grew up eating so
i've kind of always gone in and just
thought how can i twist this this
i think this is this is why i bake
there's something in me
that so desperately wants to create
i'm starting with the icing and this is
where the fun begins
it's flavoured with melted strawberry
ice cream
so our icing tastes like buttercream
but also tastes like strawberry ice
cream
start off with 175 grams of salted
butter
350 grams of icing sugar always sieve
you want to get all of those clumps out
whenever i'm sieving icing sugar my kids
come
running in and they just go
you can taste it it's really good
now the magic ingredient that is going
to make the flavor pop
i've got a hundred mils of strawberry
ice cream
and it tastes ah really good
whisk that up wait till you see the
color on this
thank you
to keep the buttercream cool chill in
the fridge for an hour while you make
the cupcakes
so i'm going to do something really fun
with these cupcakes
this is me adding the shortcake
when you open up your cupcake you're
gonna have a layer
of buttery biscuit
this is why i absolutely love them
because you can turn
your cupcakes into something really
special with all these little hidden
gems
and a strawberry shortcake needs
strawberries
chop the tops off and simply stand the
berries on the biscuits to create a
sweet and juicy center
let's get to our cupcake cake batter
traditional recipes use butter but for
my ultimate cupcake batter i'm using 110
grams of gorgeous clotted cream yes
we are making cake with clotted
cream i love the stuff
add 110 grams of caster sugar quick mix
then two eggs and one at a time giving
it a mix each time
we're gonna add some vanilla bean paste
110 grams of self-raising flour mix that
until we have a lovely
shiny smooth batter easy as that
our strawberries have been waiting very
patiently
very neatly pipe my batter around
my strawberries
and it's moments like this when it's
just me and my cupcakes
and then i just pause i love that
i don't know what it is if i'm anxious i
bake if i feel a little bit sad
i bake when i'm just concentrating on a
recipe
i feel like i don't have to think about
anything else
the secret to the perfect cupcake is to
not overfill
always kind of halfway or a little bit
over because you want enough room for
your icing
and you don't want a muffin top
bake until they are fluffy and golden
brown
look at them look at them you can see
the little strawberry
tops peeking through look
the strawberry will have cooked and the
little juices would have popped and it's
just like oh how exciting
once cooled they are ready for a
luxurious hit of our sweet strawberry
ice cream frosting
just give it a little slap like just get
some of that air out because
occasionally you get that little pop of
air which kind of spoils your swirl
you know me you know i'm not finished
nobody wants a boring old cupcake with
nothing on top
i'm gonna dip these into some
freeze-dried strawberries and that is
gonna give it that last little
strawberry hit
i mean just look at them aren't they the
prettiest cupcakes
ever my strawberry shortcake cupcakes
with a
velvety ice cream frosting crunchy
biscuit surprise
and a juicy baked strawberry center will
turn the classic cupcake
into a fun filled treat i can feel the
biscuit under there
have a look can you see it can you see
it there it is
and that's such a nice little surprise
look at that